Update the Board and Officer election process doc (#3712)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/project/board-election-process.adoc

## Goal

. Make sure that the board reflects "the will of project participants" instead of just being self-appointed.
. Make sure that the board reflects the balance of different viewpoints — the needs of users; of committers; of organizations, both large and small; of commercial interests.
. Maintain stability and avoid sudden direction changes.

## 2020 Elections schedule

* **Sep 24** - Nominations open
* **Sep 24** - Voting sign-up begins
* **Oct 15** - Nominations deadline

> ** After the deadline, the election committee will process nominations and reach out to candidates in order 

Reviewer: I'm not clear on the intent of the phrase "in order".  Is that stating they will contact the candidates in the order that the candidates were nominated or is it a phrase that could be removed?

I assume this is intentionally notifying the selected candidates rather than notifying all nominees (which would include nominees that the board chose to not place as candidates)
```suggestion
** After the deadline, the election committee will process nominations and notify the candidates
```

* **Oct 22**: Election candidates are published, including personal statements
* **Nov 02**: Voting sign-up is over
** After this date, the election committee will verify the sign-up and prepare the final list of voters
* **Nov 10**: Voting begins
** Email is distributed to all registered voters through link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/[Condorcet Internet Voting Service]
* **Nov 27**: Voting ends, 11PM UTC
* **Dec 03**: Election results are announced and take effect.

## Process

. The Governance Board includes 5 members
** link:/blog/authors/kohsuke[Kohsuke] holds a permanent board seat until such a time he decides to resign.
** 4 members are elected. If link:/blog/authors/kohsuke[Kohsuke] decides to resign, all 5 members will be elected.
. Have election every year, normally electing 2 people in each year (that means the term is 2 years, without term limit: you can be a candidate and be re-elected indefinitely)

> . There will be a period of at least 3 weeks designated for the board to encourage the community to send in the nominations. The board will meet in private to come up with the list of candidates at the end

Reviewer: Optional, consider replacing the phrasal verbs?
```suggestion
. There will be a period of at least 3 weeks designated for the board to encourage the community to submit nominations. The board will meet in private to select final candidates
```

. Any company should not dominate in the board (link:/project/board-election-process/#corporate-involvement[see below])
.. The number of board members affiliated with one company must be less than 50%
.. If a board member gets employed by a company and the limitation gets violated, somebody must step down and the board will follow the link:/project/board-election-process/#interim-procedures[#Interim Procedures]
. Use link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/[Condorcet Internet Voting Service] as the algorithm to elect multiple people in one vote.

### Nominations

The opinion of members of the community at large is highly valued, and the board welcomes additional nominations beyond who we might consider.
If you feel that a particular person is well suited to help guide Jenkins, please submit a name and the reason for your nomination to jenkinsci-board@googlegroups.com.

The election committee will review all submissions and compile a final list of candidates to be voted on by the community, for the board member seats and officer roles up for election.

> The board reserves the right to leave nominations off the final ballot if they feel that a particular viewpoint is already well represented on the board,

Reviewer: Optional 
```suggestion
The board reserves the right to omit nominations from the final ballot if they feel that a particular viewpoint is already well represented on the board,
```

or if there are other reasons preventing a nominee from being effective in the target role.
In the case of rejection, a justification must be provided to the contributor who submitted the nomination.
The decision may be escalated to the link:/project/governance-meeting/[Jenkins governance meeting] and overridden by voting there.

After receiving and vetting the nominations,

> the election committee is responsible to contact the nominees and to confirm whether they will be candidates in the upcoming elections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the election committee is responsible for contacting the nominees and confirming whether they want to run in the election.
```

> the election committee is responsible to reach out to nominees and to confirm whether they will be candidates in the upcoming elections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the election committee is responsible to contact the nominees and to confirm whether they will be candidates in the upcoming elections.
```

> The candidates should also provide their statements, list of affiliations (see <<Corporate Disclosure>>), and account/social media links which may help voters to get more information about the candidates and plans if they are elected to the role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The candidates should also provide their statements, list of affiliations (see <<Corporate Disclosure>>), and account/social media links which may help voters to get more information about them and plans if they are elected to the role.
```

> The candidates should also provide their statements, list of affiliations (see _Corporate Disclosure_), and account/social media links which may help voters to get more information about the candidates and plans if they get elected to the role.

Reviewer: I think that the `<<` and `>>` will convert this into a hyperlink to the relevant section.
```suggestion
The candidates should also provide their statements, list of affiliations (see <<Corporate Disclosure>>), and account/social media links which may help voters to get more information about the candidates and plans if they get elected to the role.
```

> The candidates should also provide their statements, list of affiliations (see _Corporate Disclosure_), and account/social media links which may help voters to get more information about the candidates and plans if they get elected to the role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The candidates should also provide their statements, list of affiliations (see _Corporate Disclosure_), and account/social media links which may help voters to get more information about the candidates and plans if they are elected to the role.
```

This information is published by the election committee before the voting starts.

### Voter sign-up and eligibility

Any Jenkins project and/or community contributor is eligible to vote in the election

> if there is a contribution made by this contributor before September 01 of the election year.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if there is a contribution made before September 01 of the election year.
```

* **I agree with election terms** -
  Mandatory checkbox which links this page and describes the key expectations
  (e.g. submitting the form and voting only once) .
* **Link to a contribution** -
  Public link to a contribution that happened before Sep 01 of the election year.
* **Jenkins account ID** (optional) -
  User ID used to log into the Jenkins services like Jenkins Jira. 
* **GitHub account ID** (optional) -
  ID of the GitHub users for those who contribute through GitHub. 
* **Contribution description** (optional) -
  Free-form field which can be used to describe and justify the contribution(s) if the link is not enough.
* Maybe: optional form entries selected by the election committee (e.g. election-related poll).
* **Any feedback to the election committee** -
  Additional entry where poll participants can provide any feedback.

Once sign-up is over, the election committee will process the form submissions and prepare a list of the registered voters.
In the case of rejection, one of the election committee members will send a rejection email.

### Voting

Voting happens through the link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/[Condorcet Internet Voting Service].

> Once the voting starts, all voters will receive a voting notification to their emails specified in the sign-up form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the voting starts, all voters will receive a voting notification to the emails specified in the sign-up form.
```

Voters will have at least two weeks to submit their votes.
Voting is anonymous.
Each voter ranks a set of possible choices.
Individual voter rankings are then combined into an anonymous overall ranking of the choices.
See link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu/[this page] for more information about the ranking algorithm.

Once voting is over,
the election committee will process the results, notify the elected candidates, and prepare the announcement.
The results should be announced shortly after the elections in the Jenkins mailing lists.

### Post-announcement

Voting results take effect immediately after the announcement.
Board members and former officers are responsible to organize knowledge and permission transfers for the newly elected contributors.
The transition process is to be defined by former and newly elected contributors,
with an expectation that the transition concludes within one month after the results announcement.

The election committee is responsible to hold a retrospective for the elections and to make the results of it public.

### Interim Procedures

> . If a board member resigns, the board is allowed to appoint an interim board member to fulfill the remainder of the term, subject to blessing in a link:/project/governance-meeting/[regular governance meeting].

Reviewer: Minor phrasing change?
```suggestion
. If a board member resigns, the board is allowed to appoint an interim board member to fulfill the remainder of the term, subject to approval in a link:/project/governance-meeting/[regular governance meeting].
```
